Add subsection with instructions to install and use (#29)
greenelab/manubot-gpt-manuscript: content/03.methods.md

Our proof-of-concept implementation generates only one completion (parameter `best_of=1`) to avoid potentially high costs for the user.
Additionally, our workflow allows to process either the entire manuscript or individual sections.
This allows to control costs more effectively while focusing on a single piece of text in which the user can run the tool several times and pick the prefered revised text.

### Installation and use

> We requested the Manubot maintainers to incorporate our workflow as part of the standard template manuscript (called rootstock, and available at [https://github.com/manubot/rootstock](https://github.com/manubot/rootstock)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [contributed our workflow](https://github.com/manubot/rootstock/pull/484) to the standard Manubot template manuscript, which is called rootstock and available at [https://github.com/manubot/rootstock](https://github.com/manubot/rootstock)).
```

> The PR where this work is being done is: ([https://github.com/manubot/rootstock/pull/484](https://github.com/manubot/rootstock/pull/484)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Meanwhile, any Manubot-based manuscript can be revised using our tool by following the PR instructions and copy the workflow file and the set of required scripts into the GitHub repository of the manuscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who wish to use the workflow before it is fully integrated into rootstock can use the code from the linked pull request in the GitHub repository of their manuscript.
```
